Add blog post about updates with WebAuthn and MFA (#164)
rubygems/rubygems.github.io: _posts/2023-07-24-level-up-using-security-devices.md

---
title: Level up your RubyGems Account Security with Security Devices
layout: post
author: Jenny Shen
author_email: jenny.shen@shopify.com
---

In a [previous blog post](https://blog.rubygems.org/2023/04/11/security-device-cli-support.html), we introduced the latest updates to our security features, including CLI support for security devices and future plans for the feature.

> We are excited to announce that WebAuthn is fully integrated and is recognized to be the preferred multi-factor authentication (MFA) factor in RubyGems. When users register a security device, they will now be provided with recovery codes and be able to configure their [multi-factor authentication level](https://guides.rubygems.org/setting-up-multifactor-authentication/#authentication-levels) without needing to enable time-based MFA.

Reviewer: Perhaps you could be more specific with 'time-based MFA' by saying 'time-based OTP'?

### Why use a Security Device?

> Security devices add an extra layer of protection beyond passwords. It utilizes the [WebAuthn standard](https://www.yubico.com/authentication-standards/webauthn/), which employs public-key cryptography to mitigate the risk of password-related attacks such as phishing or credential stuffing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Security devices offer an additional layer of protection that goes beyond passwords. By leveraging the [WebAuthn standard](https://www.yubico.com/authentication-standards/webauthn/), which utilizes public-key cryptography, they effectively mitigate the risk of password-related attacks, such as phishing or credential stuffing.
```

> They provide better security and convenience compared to their time-based one time password counterparts, making them a preferred choice for authentication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These devices not only provide enhanced security but also offer greater convenience compared to traditional time-based one-time password methods, making them a preferred choice for authentication.
```

Author: I'm not too sure about using `traditional` to describe OTP, so I omitted that but I took the rest of the suggested wording 👍

> Time-based codes from an authentication app can be intercepted or manipulated by phishing attacks. Security devices, on the other hand, eliminates the need of code inputs while providing a stronger protection against phishing attempts as they require the security key or the user (for biometric devices) to be present.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While time-based codes from an authentication app can be intercepted or manipulated by phishing attacks, security devices eliminate the need for code inputs. They provide stronger protection against phishing attempts as they require the security key or the user (for biometric devices) to be present. This eliminates the risks associated with code-based authentication, ensuring a more robust defence against unauthorized attacks.
```

> ### Why use a Security Device?

Reviewer 3: How?

Author: Yep 🙈 copy paste mistake when I was copying over from a document. Thanks for catching it 🙏
